docs: multiple ports docs for manifest (#4684)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md

            placement: 'private'
        ```

    === "Multiple Ports Exposed"

        ```yaml
        name: 'frontend'
        type: 'Load Balanced Web Service'

        image:
          build: './frontend/Dockerfile'
          port: 8080

        nlb:

>           port: 8080/tcp // exposed port 8080 of the main container i.e. frontend on the nlb port "8080/tcp"

Reviewer: Same with the suggestions on the other examples in "backend"

          additional_rules:
            - port: 8084/tcp // exposed port 8084 of the main container i.e. frontend on the nlb port "8084/tcp

>             - port: 8085/tcp  // exposed port 3000 of the sidecar container i.e. envoy on the nlb port "8085/tcp

Reviewer: In addition to the same comment suggestions from the other examples, we want to use `#` here 👀

If the target container's port is set to `443`, then the protocol is set to `HTTPS` so that the load balancer establishes 
TLS connections with the Fargate tasks using certificates that you install on the target container.

<span class="parent-field">http.</span><a id="http-target-port" href="#http-target-port" class="field">`target_port`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  

> The container port that receives traffic. Specify this field if the container port is different from `iamge.port` for the main container or `sidecar.port` for the sidecar containers.

Reviewer: nit: what do you think of something like this ⬇️ ? My main nitpick is to invite `target_container` into this description. Not sure if this is necessary given the `target_` prefix though! Lmk what you think:

```suggestion
Optional. The container port that receives traffic. By default, this will be `image.port` if the `target_container` is the main container, or `sidecars.<name>.port` if the `target_container` is a sidecar.
```

Author: I like the idea, the only concern I have is 
1. Customer shouldn't think that `target_container` is required considering `target_port`'s value depends on `target_container`. We can solve this by setting `target_container` description to start with "Optional ".
2. This new statement is true only when target_container is specified by the customer in case of main container. Because even if customer doesn't provide `target_container` then we set it as main container. So is it safe to display conditional statements here? I am not sure if I am making sense. Do let me know what do you think. Because I like your idea anyway.

Reviewer: For the second point, then maybe we can do this:

`Optional. The container port that receives traffic. By default, this will be `image.port` if the target container is the main container, or `sidecars.<name>.port` if the `target_container` is a sidecar.`

Instead of saying `target_container`, we say "target container", i.e. not the field name.

> The container port that receives traffic. Specify this field if the container port is different from `iamge.port` for the main container or `sidecar.port` for the sidecar containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The container port that receives traffic. Specify this field if the container port is different from `image.port` for the main container or `sidecar.port` for the sidecar containers.
```

The HTTP(S) protocol version. Must be one of `'grpc'`, `'http1'`, or `'http2'`. If omitted, then `'http1'` is assumed.
If using gRPC, please note that a domain must be associated with your application.

<span class="parent-field">http.</span><a id="http-additional-rules" href="#http-additional-rules" class="field">`additional_rules`</a> <span class="type">Array of Maps</span>  

> The additional listener rules allows you to configure multiple ALB listener rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure multiple ALB listener rules.
```
